# Notes

planning to use Clerk, but this needs access to the database.

set up a time with Muhammad, Will and I. He thinks its fine to meet as long as we don't assign him tasks; just describe the need, and we can go from there. Worst case it can be an hour meeting to talk that through. May be based on the task. He wants to jump in with the front-end once its ready to go. So it's probably worth figuring out how he can participate.

Will thinks it might be possible to mock this as well.

He's also been thinking about using ESLint and Prettier, and so we should add some basic configuration files in the repo to be on the same page as far as those formatting things.

Will did set up a few files for ESLint and Prettier, and he can add those. As well as setting up in the settings.json file to set up some stuff.

For Post-CSS, there's another package called auto-prefixer which will add in prefixes when the CSS compiles. Since we're using tailwind, the way we have it setup, the post-CSS is a post-processor to get all of the tailwind configuration setup. People usually use auto-prefixer as a plugin, and then it kind of does everything for you.

In your CSS there are some situations where different browsers do things differently, so like webkit for safari, and some other things for firefox and other browsers. auto-prefixer will add in different prefixes to make sure the tailwind configuration works across all browsers.

For ESLint, for tailwind, the order of your classes is important, so the ESLint plugin will sort the classes for you when its linting, so that the tailwind configuration works properly. It'd go in the package.json.

Usually the recommendation is to add these dependencies for each project, and even if its an extension in VScode, this is extra checking, and this would get reflected in VScode with the extensions.

There's also a VScode extension for tailwind called intellisense, which will show the options for tailwind classes; and you can hover over a class name, and it will show you what the class is in the CSS syntax.

## Quick Meeting w/ Ahmed

Gave him a brief of the notes above.

Synced the main branch with his work to be able to work from the same setup.

Weekends are the most convenient for him to meet.

## To Do

- craft text to Muhammad
- Will continues on auth; mainly just need the information on the backend and access to it. He should be fine with that.
  - postman would be good; Will's also willing to make a collection.
  - Having access to the backend, and knowing the type of database would help this progress.
- I'll work on Sign Up page
